today I will again bake in an
So I have not planned anything
I'll just show you like me
You will be able to decorate my pie
any cake soil and lie arbitrarily
Every cream filling is there
Going a little faster today
I just want you to times like you
then you can decorate a cake
I know that , I have always been
my floor with juice or coffee a then
it always tastes better
Today I have a light filling
taken the course has itself
I will tell you something about this
also last longer, namely a
very easy fulfillment which I very much
likes to like and I love bananas in one
pie was it is not me planned
just let my ideas run free
leave and you can just watch
I did not need to be great here
explain that you already see
I will become a light pie
Of course no cream to take
spread my actions but simply
the filling you have prepared and
then give the cake for about half an hour
hour chocolate with
strawberry flavor with cream for melting
brought chocolate with strawberry flavor
you 'll find yourself deeper at pah then
Just the sides nice and smooth again
to brush
the pages will be my pie then
very light with strawberry chocolate
So maybe not only brush
give the pies apparently for about one
half an hour in the kitchen
and then I'll just go with strawberry here
pulling chocolate circles
then you can just use one
toothpicks so take off the motive
takes
refrigerate
and then the pie decorated and finished
chilled out i hope the recipe
I like you, I still have cream
filling and hoarding bode usual and with it
I will then come up with something more
the pie is now cold and me
I still have cake soil left over
I've done too much, I believe
I'll make chocolate with it now
I do not want them either
throw away and I'll just go now
let's try to make something out of it
Just let me surprise you
hand me over
the remaining floors just small
cut and with the cream what me
No matter if the chocolate or
here white cream is filled
that looks beautiful was with me and
then this will just be in chocolate
Simply I have here
chocolate with a bit of milk or
cream you can take to melt
brought and which then it simply in
Coconut shaving does not make you so inventive
like I said I'm not a dream of
wegschmeißen and taste which determines
I have never tasted delicious
No cream filling left
I have these simply with marzipan
and nougat stuffed I have
Users had at home was in marzahn
I then put some pistachios in it
given and I can well imagine
that it tastes so delicious
and of course just like that
just dip it into chocolate
and grated coconut simply roll
Sprinkle congregational about I order
also knows which now with marzipan and
which without was that then natural
a fiction in last minute
throw it away because I'm not in
I had to find something quickly
start where you are with me
means the recovery from I hope that
you also like this recipe you like
must not now make use of the residues
You can do that just like that
So just bake a cake
a look and then in square
either you can cut the buffalo
or not touched these are the ones
I filled with marzipan and nougat
which I then with my remaining
cream filling has filled